python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 2 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 2 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 2 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 2 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 2 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 5 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 5 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 5 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 5 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 5 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 14 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 14 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 14 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 14 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 14 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 18 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 18 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 18 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 18 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 18 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 23 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 23 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 23 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 23 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 23 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 27 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 27 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 27 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 27 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 27 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 33 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 33 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 33 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 33 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 33 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 35 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 35 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 35 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 35 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 35 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 37 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 37 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 37 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 37 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 37 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 49 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 49 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 49 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 49 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 49 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 59 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 59 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 59 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 59 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 59 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 62 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 62 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 62 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 62 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 62 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 63 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 63 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 63 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 63 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 63 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 65 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 65 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 65 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 65 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 65 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 68 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 68 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 68 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 68 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 68 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 69 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 69 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 69 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 69 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 69 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 77 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 77 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 77 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 77 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 77 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 78 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 78 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 78 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 78 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 78 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 82 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 82 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 82 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 82 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 82 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 99 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 99 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 99 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 99 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 99 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 100 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 100 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 100 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 100 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 100 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 111 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 111 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 111 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 111 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 111 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 117 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 117 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 117 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 117 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 117 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 119 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 119 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 119 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 119 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 119 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 125 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 125 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 125 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 125 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 125 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 128 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 128 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 128 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 128 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 128 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 129 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 129 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 129 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 129 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 129 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 132 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 132 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 132 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 132 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 132 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 133 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 133 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 133 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 133 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 133 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 134 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 134 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 134 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 134 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 134 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 138 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 138 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 138 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 138 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 138 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 142 -p 1 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 142 -p 2 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 142 -p 3 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 142 -p 4 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
python3 /home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/diffages_main.py 142 -p 5 >/home/rxp163130/QstarFromTidalSynchronization/binary_star_evolution/analyze_spin_v_logQ/general_spin_v_logQ/output/ganymede/PercentileAges/$LAUNCHER_TSK_ID.out
